# 02/16/2021 Coordinators Meeting

## Opening
2:30 PM Zach

### Present
Zach and Josh

### Absent
None

## Business from previous meeting
None

## New Business
* Coordinators
    * Project roadmap needs to get done
    * Need to start planning more through issues using point values
* Design
    * Need to push designs to repo
    * ADRs need to start getting added
* Dev
    * Need to have a group meeting to discuss CI Pipeline
    * Need to start working on unit tests/test driven development
    * Build 1.0 by next Wednesday

### Additions to agenda
* Design
    * Create assets
    * Work with Dev on CSS styling/templating
* Dev
    * Should hold an initial group meeting to discuss CI and unit tests
    * From there, continue working in pairs to develop, test, etc.
* Coordinators
    * Add issues for each team and have the teams fill in the point values

## Adjournment
3:00 PM Zach
