# 02/08/2021 Meeting Minutes

## Opening

Meeting was held at 3:00 PM and was called by Zach and Josh

### Present

Josh, Zach, Patrick, Jared, Tommy, Jacinth, Chi, Daniel

### Absent

None

## Business from previous meeting

- CI Pipeline
    - linting, code style, unit tests should be done for Phase 1 submission
- Design Changes
  - agreed to remove option to change # of pomos for long break.
  - UML diagram updated to not fill a pomo dot if user doesn't finish the focus session.
  - Leeor is captaining the user stories. We want to make one more for a different type of student, and we want one for a self-employed entrepeneuer and one for an artist.

## New Business

- Standup
  - Jared - making designs for dark mode and phone sized browsers
  - Patrick - help out with dark mode and user personas
  - Chi - finishing up Phase 1 submission and further pipeline.
  - Jacinth - figuring out how we are going to organize and run our unit tests
  - Tommy and Daniel - adding our core feature to the current timer, starting to put together our final product.
  - Zach and Josh - finish Project Roadmap
- Last week's sprint retrospective
    - Dev team showcased basic timer with some design elements
- ADRs
  - Keep signifigant decisions in mind. As we flesh out our app and figure out more things we will make the official ADRs.
- Planning week 6 sprint
  - plan to finish long break implementation
  - finalize CI pipeline
  - finalize Testing framework

### Additions to agenda

N/A

## Adjournment

Meeting adjourned at 3:42 PM by all.
