# 02/17/2021 Meeting Minutes

## Opening

Meeting was held at 2:00 PM and was called Josh

### Present

Josh, Patrick, Jared, Tommy, Jacinth, Chi, Daniel, Leeor

### Absent

Zach

## Business from previous meeting

- Standups
- Meeting sprint goals
- ADRs

## New Business

- GitHub Issues
    - Point ranking system
    - Assigned current issues points
- Goal is to have Build 1.0 done by next Wednesday
- CI Pipeline Demo

### Additions to agenda

- Definitely planning to deploy on GitHub Pages
- Current App Changes
    - Autoplay timer as setting that can be turned on and off
    - The person can take a breather and move at their pace
    - Removing the ability to skip the break
    - Start button will be big circle in the middle
    - Don't save pomo progress, only saving the settings

## Adjournment

Meeting adjourned at 3:00 PM by all.
