# 02/22/2021 Team Standup 8

## Members
* Jacinth
    * Working on some testing modules for the code today
    * Nothing completed, still in progress with testing
* Chi
    * General hw, fixing bugs in the CI
    * Restored some workflow files in the "main" branch that caused the tests/linter/code formatting to not run after a PR or push to main
    * Just want to remind everyone to be careful not to remove any workflow files, and also that dummy test file in the ./test/ directory is necessary for successful checks until a real test file is added
* Daniel
    * Working on core issues
    * Updated buttons for an issue
    * Clarifying question posted in general
* Jared
    * Updated Figma to add a volume slider
    * Exported current design wireframe into github repo, updated some svg file
* Tommy
    * Working on core issues
    * Issues 55, 82, 84
* Josh
    * Closed some completed issues and added new ones
* Zach
    * Met with Josh to plan out meeting for the week
    * Standups
