# 02/25/2021 Team Standup 10

## Members
* Chi
    * Other classes
    * Removed unnecessary config files from the pipeline
* Daniel
    * Lab + animation
    * Working on animations
* Jared
    * Work
* Jacinth
    * Testing arithmetic operations in JS files
* Tommy
    * Volume slider color and minor bug fix
* Leeor
    * Plans to work on ADRs
* Patrick
    * ADRs
* Josh
    * Met with Zach to discuss plans for our Sprint review meeting and retro
    * Summarized sprint retro poll into a single doc
* Zach
    * Met with Josh to figure out retrospective stuff and sprint review/planning
    * Created status video
    * Created meeting notes and standup notes
